---
title: "FUCK, ITS 2025"
published: "2025-05-05T18:39:00Z"
updated: "2025-05-05T18:39:14.349Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
labels: []
---
<p>&nbsp;I can't believe I did not write anything, anything at all these last 3 years. I was supposed to become good at this. I had envisioned myself improving with every letter, every word, every piece. And here I am reading my own writing for inspiration. It's not bad but its not very refined. Anyway, it is not like I am currently in any position to judge anything. I have not written for 3 years.&nbsp;</p><p>I don't believe anyone cares about life updates so I will just skip that.&nbsp;</p><p>So before I start writing again, I want to be clear about what made me stop. Not because I won't repeat the same things, but rather because I just need clarity. Penning things down should give me that and yes I know I am typing and not using a pen. Leave me alone.&nbsp;</p><p>So why do I need clarity? I am not particularly sure about that either. I think it helps when I can link and track back. So it is important that I know the core reason for why I am doing something in order to make plans about something that I might do in future. This way I will have more clarity into how I well behave in a certain situation and I would be better able to plan for contingencies. And do I need to also explain it to you why I need contingency plans? I do? Okay. I guess it increases the rate of achieving the objective.</p><p>Cool then, now that I know why I need clarity, let's get some. Its simple and I know it already. I am just writing it down for documentation purposes. For me, personally, writing is very tough. As an activity it takes quite a lot of effort for me to write down my thoughts and link it to some theme. Simply because I haven't had as much practice. My writing muscles are frail. But what helps is being full of emotion, and a quite room, mostly the emotions. I left writing because I left the space which made me miserable. I wrote because of misery and not in spite of it. I felt heaviness in my chest which is not due to anything physical. And once I reached home, that heaviness left me. I no longer felt the same type of burden. I was comfortable. I was, at ease. Didn't feel like writing a lot. Only wrote a couple of pieces after that.</p><p>So why am I back? Don't get me wrong, I don't feel the same burden. I have majorly processed my feelings. I can and will make sense out of anything. And honestly, a big part of that was writing. I have a thought process now, however weird and ineffective. I ask a lot of questions and then try to answer them. Getting back to the track, I am back because I miss writing. Its very simple. I miss the part of feeling good when I actually finish something, I don't finish things anymore. I miss the creative side. I miss writing stupid metaphorical bullshit, which is not subtle at all.&nbsp;</p><p>I am not promising anything, I may not return. But I want to, that's for sure. I will skip the personal updates like I wrote above. I could do with not thinking about my situation for one night. If there is something worth remembering I trust myself to do it any way. Yea that's about it. Hopefully I will see myself here again. I hope I write again.</p>
