---
title: "Purple Patch"
published: "2025-10-07T03:41:00Z"
updated: "2025-10-07T03:41:58.395Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
labels: []
source: "google-docs"
googleDocId: "1pVo-w6ZkkBUhFrtDW-Cao5DzeJ5OmPs0n9hZUJX0gXg"
---
<p>A period of good fortune, or so they say, mainly in sports, a period where everything falls into place. A purple patch. Closest example is the purple sectors in F1, where a driver goes the fastest through a sector of a racing circuit. So I read about it, where does it come from. Purple was a colour for the royalty, the elites, and purple patch is sort of derivative of overly elaborate or too say it plainly overly fancy way of filling in the gaps. Something only royalty can understand I guess.&nbsp;</p><p>And apparently it was used in a derogatory way before. Quite silly in hindsight. Anyway,&nbsp; it got me thinking, why was indeed purple the colour of royalty? So I read more. If you want to use this time to guess why that is please don't read ahead.</p><p>Kudos, you figured it out or you didn't care, or you couldn't figure it out, either way very simply purple dye was expensive back then. Yeah that's it. Quite underwhelming isn't it? But I guess not really surprising. It kinda like most of the things associated with elites anyway. A true testament of greed.&nbsp;</p><p>Just to clarify, I don't have any personal vendetta with the elites. I just got sidetracked. Coming back to the point, purple, since it was a colour for royalty, was used derogatorily to describe overly fancy writing, somehow had a redemption arc and is now used to define the best of the periods.&nbsp;</p><p>So this got me thinking, we are somewhere or other conditioned to perceive certain colours in very specific way, like blue. Blue I usually associate with sadness, gloom. Or red which feels like power, passion. Or green, for growth, for advancement, for life. And you can obviously make associations like plants are green, they are a symbol of life itself, hence the connections. But what if it was all conditioned? So I read a bit more.&nbsp;</p><p>It's not that you couldn't speculate that different colours could mean different things to different set of people, but rather how the culture you grow up in shapes your understanding. Example, almost all cultures have red to depict anger but in Hindu culture the colour of anger is black, totally understandable. Or love, love is red right? Not really, native Americans feel yellow is more lovey than red.&nbsp;</p><p>I can't talk about colours too much because I am clearly not knowledgeable enough. But the culture part does translate to a lot of other things. I believe culture enters a civilization once basic survival is achieved so it is a byproduct of us being able to fend for ourselves. In modern times, that privilege belongs to the people at the top. So essentially the people whose survival is not in jeopardy shape the culture. And that is why you think love is red, for now at least.&nbsp;</p><p>It's quite telling how this blog post has molded itself to concentrate the power to the richest. Very capitalistic. Maybe that's what Gurgaon does to your brain. Can't even think about anything other than power and money. It is what it is I guess.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
