---
title: "Forgetting People"
published: "2025-07-25T17:57:00.003Z"
updated: "2025-07-25T17:57:51.392Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
bloggerPath: "/2025/07/forgetting-people.html"
labels: []
---
<p>Death is certain. Everyone dies. But some pass away rather too soon. Soon for someone at least. It's a bad feeling. It's the worst. It is honestly gut wrenching. At the time you don't know how you could ever get over it. It hurts too much. You can't fathom moving on. But you eventually do.</p><p>Your life catches on. Your life doesn't stop. You move places. You get on with your day everyday. You go to office, you work, you play, you party. You eventually let time consume you. And you forget. Your forget about the dead. And that's a tough pill to swallow for sure, but you do.&nbsp;</p><p>It is extremely selfish. Someone is not anymore and all you can think about is how your actions don't do justice to the person's memory. And honestly, I don't know what to do. I do feel bad, about forgetting. About deliberately not bringing them in any conversations as to not make others (or myself) sad. It's like they matter less and less. And maybe they do, maybe that's the truth. And somehow that is a much worse predicament to make peace with.&nbsp;</p><p>But I don't know what else to do. I really don't. Should we have a ritual to remember the dead? Maybe meet once a year? I don't want to burden anyone, so maybe I should do it alone? How would that help anything at all? What will it accomplish? Just my fake sense of care? It would be just to satisfy my own ego, wouldn't it? I don't know. I legitimately don't know the answer. The person no longer exists, so it isn't helping them for sure.&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;I feel the guilt. Of not even remembering the day they passed away. But I am not able to ascertain if I truly care about it for non selfish reasons. And it makes be feel worse. But I know I will forget this too. I will wake up tomorrow like nothing happened. But I did think these things. These have no end. Their are always worse thoughts.&nbsp;</p><p>And how about the fact that it is not just me who is selfish. It was them too. They didn't care or think about me when they made the decision. So why should I? The only difference here is that I still have will to live. They have truly moved on. So he is indeed more selfish.&nbsp;</p><p>All these thoughts just keep getting worse. It is a never ending spiral. But I truly hope he is doing well. I truly hope there is an afterlife. That he is someplace better. I miss him too much. And at the same time maybe not at all. But all that matters is the end state. I will forget. I hope I never do.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
