---
title: "Source of Inspiration"
published: "2021-09-23T18:48:00Z"
updated: "2021-09-23T18:48:22.186Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
labels: []
source: "google-docs"
googleDocId: "1jvf3tBWCTy-DXVDCB_L_nqhxqND_dVrkgMN3JZM1JTQ"
---
<p>I don't know where to start this piece. I need a some sort of inspiration to write something which I feel is worthy enough to be read by a fellow human being. So in order to do that I have labelled the title of this piece 'Source of Inspiration'. As long as I am writing this, it is a placeholder for some kind of catalyst which inspires me to legibly convey my thoughts.<br><br>And it's not like this is first time I have been looking for a source of inspiration, I am always up for some good old creativity. Since I don't particularly know about some topic in depth, I can't really write posts that make sense. That's the reason I always try to write about nothing in particular. Hence, I derive my inspiration from pointless things happening around me or just something I saw on YouTube. <br><br>For the past few months, I have traveled quite a bit. Certainly more by my standards. I have been to sea level, gazing at the horizon on the top of volumes of water. I have also experienced going through green valleys through which streams of pristine water flow. I honestly didn't have an objective in mind while I went places. But I thought maybe I would get something out of the beautiful scenes. It's a bit hard to explain but I didn't really feel too great about any of it. I am not saying that the places were not gorgeous, they were, but I didn't really feel anything overcome me like I thought it would. I had a fun time. Maybe I should just lower my expectations. &nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Okay, it's time to remind the reader that I have taken a pause from writing to watch some sweet sweet anime piano playing. I never knew who Chopin was but thanks to 'Your Lie in April', I know the name of one pianist at least. Let's get back to the writing.</p><p>Maybe I am complicating it too much. Why tf do I need a source of inspiration to write something if I am already writing it? Isn't the urge to write something the source itself. When you feel a certain way, when you feel this heavy feeling inside you will only die out if you pan something out, I would say it's good enough, right? In any case I am not doing anything of significance here. Nobody's life depends on my writing. Hell, people wouldn't even read me to pass time.</p><p>So why am I bothered? Why do I feel the need to do something significant? Why did I just not retire to bed like the way I usually do? Maybe I don't have the clarity in mind I thought I had. Do I need to explore more? If yes, then in what way? Do I even care for all these questions? Will the question stop once I get the answers? It's difficult. It's difficult to feel sorry for yourself when you know you can't be bothered to do some effort. Someone once told me in a response to how well placed he was in life, he said, "Why would I compare myself to someone below me if I want to improve?". It is an excellent thought which I fully agree with. That makes it more difficult to justify my choices in life. I agree with the hustle philosophy. Since you don't know what the outcome be, the best you can do is do your best. That's why I am confused. That's the reason I'll keep looking for the source without actually doing something of significance. An that's why I'll never find it. &nbsp; <br></p>
