---
title: "General Sadness"
published: "2021-01-13T20:09:00.001Z"
updated: "2026-06-09T16:29:51.724Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
source: "google-docs"
googleDocId: "1eAbjOXakO5oEfplc-B5O4WJSYd11OZd7TKNU_5akJL4"
labels: []
---
<p></p><p></p><p></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p></p><p>I'll be honest with you all. I was totally going to rip off Inside Out with this one. If you have seen that movie, you can understand why. I mean emotions have emotions, wtf, who thinks these thoughts? How is anyone supposed to top this? And even though I am well aware that I am no writer, sometimes when I'm brimming with confidence, I like to think I write ok. But to even think of emulating something so original is very tiring.</p><p>You must have heard this your whole life, if you need to do something big you need to work hard it. Recently I saw the graph of efforts/results vs time, it was intriguing to say the least. All of the motivational quotes are there to push you towards success. But ask yourself, can you write your own Inside Out from scratch? Maybe you can, maybe you think you can and maybe you will. But at the same time maybe you won't. Sure possibilities are endless but probabilities are less than 1.</p><table><tbody><tr><td><p></p></td></tr><tr><td><p>The graph I was talking about.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>If there are 7 billion people living on the planet, there are 7 billion things that all of us are individually unmatchable at. However, folding your fingers in a certain specific way can only get you so much in life.&nbsp; And that is the cruel truth of the world. The world doesn't value your specialty and that is why you'll never find it. And that is why you 'll continue to dabble here and there all your life. And that is where the title of this rant comes from. I am constantly engulfed by this sadness of sorts. It's not the usual kind of sad, it is more of a general sadness that has manifested because of the outlook I have of the world around me.</p><p>While I cannot deny that working towards what you want to accomplish will increase the probability of you actually accomplishing it, I will say that probabilities work both ways. If there is a 99% chance that you will achieve what you dream of, there is still a 1% chance that you won't. If the bright side is a sun shining its light on you then the dark side is the eclipse that dampens the brightness. And if you keep gazing at it long enough, you might just mess up your vision.</p><p>It's all a game of probabilities in the end. there were a lot of things that went a specific way for successful people to become successful. And that is why there is no formula to success, it is too complex to comprehend. At the same time it is too simple to put in words, it is something to be understood. And you can come up with numerous names who worked hard and became what they are today, however there are probably thousands who died of anonymity for every single one of the successful personalities. There could literally be dozens of people who could make people laugh like Larry David (big fan btw) but they can't because they are busy in trying to survive the bombings in Afghanistan, or are busy in providing daily food for their families, or got eaten by a shark. Or someone might just do it in future, but someone might not because of that 1-p.</p><p>Also, don't read this and bring yourself down. I want you to prove me wrong. I want you to work hard on your dreams. I want you to succeed. And I hope the gods of probabilities shower all their love towards you. And I wish that when you become a successful person, you mention this piece as the sole source of your motivation. I wish to read these words written above in an interview of yours that you'll give to the NY times. And that is how I'll PROBABLY become famous.</p>
