---
title: "Fade to Black"
published: "2020-04-24T21:39:00.003Z"
updated: "2026-06-09T16:21:33.719Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
source: "google-docs"
googleDocId: "1_BqCWgSeEILJzZXyHU1J5zuDsLlupqP6vkYx9opk--8"
labels: []
---
<p></p><p></p><p>There are a lot of thoughts running through my mind right now as I have completed by re-reading of Bleach, a beautiful creation by Tite Kubo. I knew already that I love this piece of art. But the magnitude of love is now much more clear to me. I don't know if its because it was my conscious introduction to anime world or my genuine love for the story and character but it has become evident that I can read it again, maybe even in less time than I did now. I genuinely have come to like some of the characters a lot and at the same time despise some others.</p><p></p><p>Sure, a lot of parts don't make sense. A whole bunch of things has been left unexplained. But I don't seem to care. Even if I may never agree with some of the values and qualities the characters exude, mostly because they are not realistic at all, the overall tone of the manga has really resonated with me. I can feel now what Kubo wanted to convey through his story. Its because I focus less on the character flaws, the gaping plot holes, and much more on the aftertaste it leaves after you are done with it.</p><p></p><p>It seems like it has become a common trope for the villains to want to create a whole new world which they'll be commanding. It really makes you wonder if the creators of these works hate the world that they create. Or maybe they love it too much and that's the reason the villains never succeed. Even though these themes are derivative, it is apparent that feelings of a savior saving the world provide us with some comfort.</p><p></p><p>These stories keep the flame of hope alive. The hope that a savior will come and save the world. maybe that savior doesn't know it yet, but the power in him will awaken. And he will go on to lay ruin to all that has turned this world bitter. For the Bleach world, Ichigo did the job pretty well if you ask me. He saved the world at least two or three times. And he didn't flinch in face of calamity because he is selfless and loves his friends.</p><p></p><p>The way things are going in the real world, we need a hero like this right now. Maybe he can cut back on the awesome sword-swinging a bit and try and solve the problems in a more realistic way. But we all know this pretty well, there is no hero mighty enough to save our world. There are just villains, a lot of them.</p><p></p><p>In order to construct a new world, you have to raze the old one. That's what villains do. They lay waste to the existing structures in order to bring their blueprints to life similar to how forests have to be cut down to grow crops on that same land. The villains have to be disrupted, in order to maintain peace, maintain order in the world. Right? Have we given them a chance? Is it possible that the world they envision just might be a better one? Why are we so afraid of change?</p><p></p><p>We probably are missing out on a whole new experience. We can just speculate what the world would be with its new administrators. But that's all for the fictional worlds, where there is a single visionary of the new order. For our world, a world with tons of villains, where every single person is trying everything in their power to transform their dreams to reality, it doesn't seem like a very good idea. For our world, a world with tons of villains, in which people destroy in the facade of development, a better idea is to back off. For our world, a world with tons of villains, not having a hero is scary.</p><p>&nbsp;</p>
