---
title: "I want to be a Squirrel"
published: "2020-04-15T01:15:00Z"
updated: "2026-06-09T16:29:16.418Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
source: "google-docs"
googleDocId: "1-gfiXfgfOcO-Oo-7t_uMWFXzCr0ARV9rlSDBzs4IQp4"
labels: []
---
<p></p><p></p><p>Sounds pretty lame right? Of all the things I could be, I would like to be a squirrel. I believe I have some compelling arguments to justify my case. But before that, I would really like you to know why this thought came to my mind. On a lazy spring afternoon, I was standing in the balcony facing a huge tree right in front of me. That tree is a home to a couple of squirrels. So I am facing the tree and there is a squirrel on its branch, it is not jumping up and down, it is not running, it is just laying there. Yes, just laying there, with feet and tail dangling having no care in the world. And all of a sudden it yawns. It was a satisfying yawn with eyes closed and mouth widened to the fullest. I may never know if the squirrel felt the same about the yawn, but it definitely made me feel things. And now at 5:30 am in the morning I am recalling this memory which has spiraled my thoughts down this squirrel shaped pit.</p><p></p><p>Let's just get the first point out of the way, squirrels are extremely cute. They look adorable which comes as a surprise because their cousins, the rats, look absolutely hideous. While my opinion on rats may differ from a sizable chunk of the population, many will agree to my thoughts on squirrels. Imagine holding a squirrel in your hand while it is gnawing on some nut it found, that thought just fills me with joy.</p><p></p><p>I don't know about the brown squirrels in other countries, but the squirrels in India have been validated by God himself and they have the tattoos to prove it. Legend has it that squirrels helped Lord Ram in building his Lanka Setu (a bridge to Lanka) and in return Lord Ram gave them his blessings. The stripes on their back, those are God's blessing. And you may not know this but animals associated with God have celebrity status in India. With a little bit of propaganda here and there, I would become the next cow.</p><p></p><p>Apart from the agility and energy, squirrels are intelligent and some people assume that they are even sentient. They have great memories and don't forget stuff once they have kept it somewhere. Already smarter than most of us in that regard. Since the media is controlled by humans, my stupidity and dumbness wouldn't matter because my species would already have a good rapport in the world. Isn't that's what community is all about?</p><p></p><p>A lot of people don't know this but squirrels are actually opportunistic carnivores. I used to think they are all cutesy and only eat nuts or bread or grains like the movies and my past experience had me believe. Until I saw the video. That squirrel just straight-up steals a baby bird from the nest and would you imagine, it was not for that baby's day out. And I'm pretty sure it was not playing with that baby since it died while the squirrel was eating the baby alive. So it is reassuring that you can be a bad mofo while still being adored by millions. That is just perfect deception and I love it.</p><p></p><p>And finally, I would have a short life. Most of it would be spent on the same tree. Half of the year would be spent sleeping. And yes, maybe I would sometimes get jealous of other squirrels in bigger trees. But then I would also make peace with it. I would be thankful for my tree. I would appreciate my time with the tree. Hopefully and most probably the tree would be there when I would be born, and it would be there when I pass away. I will live my whole life in the presence of a tree. As a human, I am not really sure about that.</p><p></p><p></p>
