---
title: "The floor is LAVA!"
published: "2020-04-18T14:42:00.002Z"
updated: "2026-06-09T16:29:26.338Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
source: "google-docs"
googleDocId: "1fVd-Y8yk0MNpg6N4cV8FXh7ywZlQFl7Xms-e15TOh2E"
labels: []
---
<p></p><table><tbody><tr><td><p></p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Credit:&nbsp;Getty Images/iStockphoto</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>Just another innocent children's game. Some random person screams, "The floor is lava." and everyone runs to jump on the nearest furniture they can find and hang on it. Now they'll demonstrate their ultimate parkour skills while trying to reach the other place since you can't touch the floor because the floor is lava after all. Even when as an adult you hear this phrase your brain gets ultimately triggered to repeat the actions of your childhood. We have become Pavlov's dogs.</p><p></p><p>Some people do take it to the extreme like they did on the show Community. In that particular episode, everyone in the community college takes part in it. They introduced various other concepts like allying, kingdom establishment, betrayals, and sneaky tactics to transform this seemingly harmless child's play to mirror the society that we live in. This game has even seeped into memes. Then again, everything has.</p><p></p><p>Sure the floor is lava but has anybody asked the question of why it has become so? Has someone heated the floor so much that it has melted? If they have, how did they manage to do it? Or it has become so due to some tectonic activity? Or is it due to the rise of Hades in the underworld? Maybe the earth has become angry? Did a volcanic eruption take place nearby? Was there a volcano in the neighborhood?</p><p></p><p>Let's just say it can't be explained why the floor turned lava. Let's look at the phrase again. "The floor is lava". What is a floor? The Wikipedia article on the floor informs about it. And also tries to expand on the type of floors. But can you really define the floor? Is the topmost layer the floor? If we remove the topmost layer, like the tiles, will we still call it a floor? Are all floors made of concrete underneath? In a building of multiple levels, where does the upper floor meet the ceiling under it?</p><p></p><p>These are just two major questions I got from the phrase. Why do we not think of these things before we start to play by the rules the phrase dictates. Well duh, because it is a children's game, it doesn't have to follow the logic. Right? But this is how we live our lives, don't we? We do the things that people have been doing from the start and follow the rules which have been made for us. We are indeed Pavlov's dogs, just on a much larger and complex scale than we think.</p><p></p><p>It doesn't mean that we shouldn't follow the norms. The society has molded itself in this way because it had reason to. Let's try and discover those reasons. Let's be curious about everything. It's tough, it's exhausting but maybe it's as rewarding as well. Or maybe it isn't rewarding since you only live for a short period, why not be oblivious, maybe you'll enjoy it much more. Maybe life is a children's game after all.</p><p></p><p></p>
