---
title: "Horizons"
published: "2020-05-05T22:31:00Z"
updated: "2026-06-09T16:29:33.400Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
source: "google-docs"
googleDocId: "1oWuvhrcG-TSWz502KMWSTsHhjyAl2a5dzRSkFfyBo90"
labels: []
---
<p>It was another 5 a.m. in the morning. As usual, I was sleeping until I woke up due to bitey mosquitoes. As I had submitted myself to the bed early the previous night, it became hard to sleep again. Now since I was up, I thought of capitalizing on the opportunity and wait a bit more for the sun to rise as it had been some time when I last witnessed a sunrise. I waited outside in the balcony with the birds who chirped merrily. When there were around 15 minutes left in sunrise, I climbed the stairs to the terrace in hope of basking in some sweet twilight. The moment was approaching. The sky was being filled with the light as if someone had left the rays run loose. However, I stood there in utter disappointment as I could not see the horizon. The apartment buildings blocked my view of the sun. I felt mild rage but mostly I was let down by the conditions. As long as I was in this city, I would probably not experience the glow of morning sun.</p><p></p><p>I came back to my room. This got me thinking about the times I had seen the sun rising over the horizon. The times there was no one between me and the sun. The times when I sat on the mountains looking across the plains. The times when I was on a train going through the fields. The times when the neighborhood was devoid of other houses.</p><p></p><p>And that's when I felt the beauty of memories. You can recreate them in your mind and go back in time. Maybe even imagine the things that were not originally present to make it more fun, to make it more personal. It's no less than a superpower that we have. You can instantly travel to your happy place, your castle, or the place you are content with only visiting once in real life.</p><p></p><p>When you relive your memories, you think about the things that you felt at that time. And even the things that you noticed but did not give much thought to. All those times I did see the sunrise, but I never noticed how beautiful the horizon was. That was what made the sun alluring really. It's pretty magical to see the earth curve ever so slightly so far away.</p><p></p><p>I am standing outside in the night. It's pretty calm as it's very late and also because the world is dying. There is a thin layer of clouds covering the sky. The stars are all hidden but I can see the moon. The view on this side of the terrace is very clear. I was indeed looking for sunlight in the wrong direction.</p>
