---
title: "You seeing this shit?"
published: "2020-05-15T18:08:00Z"
updated: "2026-06-09T16:29:42.336Z"
author: "ddHd"
status: "LIVE"
source: "google-docs"
googleDocId: "1AHuAVMf5Jo3JfEcRC3qKU4GzNwXvgUTMhRbFJKGAvPw"
labels: []
---
<p></p><table><tbody><tr><td><p></p></td></tr><tr><td><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>The way you enjoy your paper thin bread filled with flavored water is different depending on your location in India. The name you call it also varies. The classic Golgappe can be found in the northern parts, the spicy Puchkas, Bengal specialty and Paani Puris, which are basically Golgappe but named differently, are loved by people of Maharashtra. Then there's a version down south served not with chill mint and imli flavoured water but rather hot potato sabzi filled in them. I do not have pleasant memories of that abomination.</p><p></p><p>And obviously you can wonder and debate what the original version is and who copied who, just like the war between Oriyas and Bengalis for the claim of inventing Rasgulla (or Roshogulla, if you prefer it that way). But when you see a video of a man feeding two cows Golagppe in a turn by turn manner, you forget about everything. You just stare in awe as the cows wait for their turn for the beautiful snack. It is a very weird experience the first time you watch it.</p><p></p><p>You don't think about the whether those cows are related or how did they come across this Golgappe wala. You also do not wonder about the beef situation in the country and contemplate if you should or should not eat beef due to environmental/religious/health reasons. You just get impressed by the discipline and restraint the cows are showing and waiting for their turn when you've seen humans behave otherwise.</p><p></p><p>You do not think from where did the Golgappe wala get the idea of feeding two cows Golgappe. You do not ponder the situation that Golgappe wala is in these tough times when most labour class in the country have started walking back home. You do not think about how some of them made an unfortunate mistake of sleeping on the tracks after covering a distance of 400kms and were blown to smithereens. Instead you wonder if the Golgappe wala altered the water flavour so as to not make it too spicy for the cows or if the cows do actually like spicy stuff.</p><p></p><p>You do not wonder if the cows will get addicted the crispiness and segue into the addiction problems. You don't amuse your thoughts of those destroyed families&nbsp; because of the drugs that actually are the enemy state's way of controlling the productivity of the you country's population. No. You try and find some more videos like this that make your heart warm. You wish you could be there to witness this amazing event.</p><p></p><p>You also are not reminded of a certain someone who uses these tactics and buffoonery to sway people away from the real issues and let them focus on just the stupidity in order to make your work easier. I mean who would that even be? You think about the content you just read, how absurd it is. The content is about two cows eating Golgappe. You've got to see that shit.</p><p></p><p>Seriously, go watch the video.</p>
